README.md, before:

# G|Flows

G|Flows, or Greek Flows, provides 30-minute updates every Monday-Friday from 9:00am-4:30pm ET.

## Features:

- Measure delta, gamma, vanna, and charm exposure for the SPX, NDX, and RUT indexes using CBOE data (delayed 15min)
- Choose between data for the current month (including 0DTE, monthly opex) or all expirations
- Need a refresh? View what the four available greeks mean and how they can be interpreted

## Setup

Compatible with Python versions **>=3.9**


Install the app's required packages:

```{.sourceCode .bash}
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

(Recommended) To keep the package installation local/within a virtual environment, run these before the `pip` command:

```{.sourceCode .bash}
$ python -m venv venv
$ source venv/bin/activate
```

Options data for your preferred ticker can be downloaded [here](https://www.cboe.com/delayed_quotes/cboe/quote_table) to manually update files in the `data` directory (which the **calc** module uses).

For automatic updates, the app's scheduler fetches compatible CSV data from an API. If you have one, provide its URL in a `.env` file:

```dosini
API_URL=YOURAPIURL
```

Alternatively, you can disable this function by commenting out these lines in `my_app.py`:

```
# sched.add_job(sensor)
# sched.add_job(sensor, CronTrigger.from_crontab("0,30 13-20 * * 0-4", timezone=UTC))
```

Upon completion, run the Dash app (available at http://localhost:8050):

```{.sourceCode .bash}
$ python my_app.py
```

Commit message:

improved time zone handling
default timezone of scheduler and date data has been set to "America/New_York"

README.md, after:

# G|Flows

G|Flows, or Greek Flows, provides 30-minute updates every Monday-Friday from 9:00am-4:30pm ET.

## Features:

- Measure delta, gamma, vanna, and charm exposure for the SPX, NDX, and RUT indexes using CBOE data (delayed 15min)
- Choose between data for the current month (including 0DTE, monthly opex) or all expirations
- Need a refresh? View what the four available greeks mean and how they can be interpreted

## Setup

Compatible with Python versions **>=3.9**

Install the app's required packages:

```{.sourceCode .bash}
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

(Recommended) To keep the package installation local/within a virtual environment, run these before the `pip` command:

```{.sourceCode .bash}
$ python -m venv venv
$ source venv/bin/activate
```

Options data for your preferred ticker can be downloaded [here](https://www.cboe.com/delayed_quotes/cboe/quote_table) to manually update files in the `data` directory (which the **calc** module uses).

For automatic updates, the app's scheduler fetches compatible CSV data from an API. If you have one, provide its URL in a `.env` file:

```dosini
API_URL=YOURAPIURL
```

Alternatively, you can disable this function by commenting out this code in `my_app.py`:

```
"""
sched = BackgroundScheduler(daemon=True)
sched.add_job(sensor)
sched.add_job(
    sensor,
    CronTrigger.from_crontab(
        "0,30 9-16 * * 0-4", timezone=timezone("America/New_York")
    ),
)
sched.start()
"""
```

Upon completion, run the Dash app (available at http://localhost:8050):

```{.sourceCode .bash}
$ python my_app.py
```
